 actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forelooking statements. We encourage you to review our most recent SEC filings and any applicable amendments for complete discussion of these factors and other risk factors that may affect our future results. During the discussion today the company will use both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation posted in the investor relations section of the Avian website where the company describes the non-GAAP measures and provides a reconciliation for historical non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. A replay of this call will be available on our website. Information to access the replay is listed in today's press release which is available at avian.com in the investor relations section. Joining me today is our president and chief executive officer Dr. Ashish Kamper and senior vice president and chief financial officer Jamie Beggs. I will now hand a call over to Ashish to begin. Thank you Joe and good morning everyone. 2024 was my first full year as CEO of Avian and an important year of change for our company. Over the course of the year we developed and launched a new strategy to deliver and accelerate organic growth. As part of our evolution as a company we articulated a new purpose which is to be an innovator of material solutions to help our customers succeed while enabling a sustainable world. Our strategic approach is to intersect secular trends and high growth markets with our technologies to create product platforms of scale. We have conducted extensive portfolio prioritization and identified growth vectors to both catalyze growth in our core and to build businesses in high growth markets supported by secular trends. As we began deploying our new strategy it was important that we also remain focused on delivering performance in the present. Our overarching objective is organic top-line growth with margin expansion on the bottom line. I am very pleased to report that in 2024 we delivered both. On this slide we present organic revenue growth by region which removes the impact of FX for the full year 2024. As you can see we grew organically in every region of the world including EMEA where the macro environment was quite challenging. We also realized significantly higher growth versus respective regional GDP for the US and Canada, Asia and Latin America regions. This was driven by our enhanced focus on customers share gains winning new product specifications and restocking in certain end markets. Some of our key highlights for full year 2024 are shown in this next slide. Organic sales for the total company increased by 4%. Both our business segments grew and both expanded adjusted EBITDA margins. Organic sales growth was 3% for color additives and inks or CAI segment and 6% for specialty engineered materials or SEM segment. Adjusted EBITDA margin expansions were 90 basis points and 110 basis points for CAI and SEM segments respectively. For the company our adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 20 basis points to 16.2%. Operationally we remain disciplined and leveraged our top-line growth to deliver 13% adjusted EPS growth for the year which includes the impact of FX. In December at our investor day in New York we shared our new company purpose and strategy which has already been under execution for some time. We strengthened our leadership team with new appointments for the CTO, CIO, General Counsel and SVP of new business development and marketing excellence roles. Since then in early January this year we have rolled out a new incentive compensation plan for the company to ensure there is a direct alignment between executing our strategy and how and where our employees are focused. And culturally like every year we strive for continuous improvement. That starts with safety. I'm proud to share that 2024 was a record year for safety for us. And our injury incident rate was the best in the company's history. That being said our ultimate and ongoing goal remains zero injuries so we will continue to be disciplined and focused on further improving our safety performance. One last point I would like to highlight for the year is our 5% dividend increase. That increase marked the 14th consecutive year of annual dividend growth for Aviant. At the investor day in December we also shared our prioritized growth vectors. One of our identified growth vectors is composites for defense and law enforcement to catalyze growth in our core business of advanced protective materials. The market need for lighter and better protection materials is driving strong innovation in our labs and manufacturing processes. Today I will highlight a new innovation in our Dyneema portfolio that is used in military and law enforcement applications. As you may know Dyneema is the world's strongest fiber and we just announced a breakthrough launch of our third generation technology of this product line under Dyneema HB 330 and HB 332. This innovation offers industry leading performance through unmatched ballistic protection that is able to stop high velocity threats with precision. It has outstanding thermal performance and retains its stiffness and properties in high temperature environments and its ultra light strength delivers the lightest possible solution for hard ballistics applications without compromising protection. For law enforcement this innovation will enable a high performance system that is up to 45% lighter than current solutions in use. For military personnel it will enable upwards of 20% weight savings when compared to current materials that have been incorporated into military hard armor contracts. The lightweight strength of Dyneema enhances agility, comfort and overall mission effectiveness for those who protect and serve. This proprietary and revolutionary innovation will be used by our customers for both personal armor and vehicle armor. Before I turn the call over to Jamie I would like to comment on a significant decision we have recently made in the first quarter this year. We decided to seize all work related to the implementation of S4 HANA, a cloud-based ERP system which we had begun some time ago. The decision was based on the risk, complexity, time and associated costs all of which have substantially increased to complete the project. Accordingly the initial value proposition of the project no longer holds true. Further we have determined that there are alternative solutions less than a global ERP system that are less costly, easier to implement and can deliver substantially the same benefits which will ultimately deliver better returns for our shareholders. As a result of this decision the company will recognize a non-cash impairment charge of approximately 71 million dollars associated with capitalized implementation costs and a charge of approximately 15 million dollars associated with contractual obligations for license fees in the first quarter of 2025. These charges will be considered special items and are not included in our adjusted 2025 projections. I want to reassure our investors that we don't take such decisions lightly but I fully believe it is the right one going forward for the company and our shareholders. With that Jamie can provide more context on 2024 and outlook for the year ahead. Thank you Ashish and good morning everyone. The headline for the fourth quarter is that overall earnings results were in line with expectations. We delivered within our guidance range for both adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The rapid strengthening of the US dollar against other major currencies in the fourth quarter unfavorably affected our EBITDA results by two million dollars and EPS by one cent. As a reminder approximately 60% of our revenue is generated outside the United States. From a total company perspective the fourth quarter marks our third consecutive quarter of organic sales growth which grew 5% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were down slightly as the benefit from higher sales was more than offset by the year-over-year impact of variable compensation accruals as we said would be the case during our last quarterly earnings call. This negatively impacted fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS by 10 million dollars and eight cents respectively. Turning to segment performance color additives and inks grew organic sales by 3% driven by strong demand and drug delivery, consumer discretionary products particularly in Europe and Latin America and building and construction materials in the United States. Offsetting the growth in these end markets were sales into transportation where both the US and Europe were down year-over-year. While the segment did benefit from raw material deflation in the prior quarter this is not the case in the fourth quarter where the segments raw material basket was essentially flat to last year. Higher sales and favorable mix partially offset the impact of variable compensation reset which resulted in an EBITDA decline versus the prior year. Our specialty engineer materials segment posted 8% sales growth and 13% EBITDA growth excluding FX. The segment was supported by robust demand for engineer materials and remote monitoring devices for healthcare applications, composites for building and construction and wind energy applications as well as moderate growth and defense and consumer applications. The segment had overall raw material inflation primarily related to certain flame retardant materials but pricing and mix were favorable resulting in a net price benefit of 3 million dollars for the quarter. Higher sales and favorable mix more than offset the impact of variable compensation within the quarter leading to adjusted EBITDA growth as well as margin expansion for the segment. Moving to the full year results for 2024 we accomplished what we set out to do by growing the top line in excess of market as well as the bottom line through customer intimacy, innovative offerings and operational disciplines. Starting with the segment color added as an ink screw organic cells by 3% in 2024. Performance was driven by new applications for drug delivery and building and construction as well as demand recovery and packaging and consumer end markets. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 90 basis points driven by operating leverage from higher sales and favorable net price benefit. SCM sales grew 6% over the prior year excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The composites business which represents approximately 55% of the segment benefited from strong demand and defense applications as well as growth and building and construction. Composite growth was tempered by destocking and the telecommunications in market. The segment also grew with engineering materials especially in healthcare applications. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 110 basis points primarily driven by operating leverage from higher sales and favorable mix from margin accretive platforms. For total avian adjusted EBITDA grew 6% excluding foreign exchange to 526 million for the full year. Earnings growth came from higher sales favorable net price associated with raw material deflation and lower cost from productivity measures. Taking this earnings growth and adding lower interest expense we ended the year with adjusted EPS of $2.66 representing 15% growth over the prior year excluding FX. Turning now to our 2025 guidance for the first quarter we are projecting adjusted EPS to be 76 cents in line with the prior year first quarter and includes a four cent head win associated with the strengthening US dollar. This translates to 6% adjusted EPS growth excluding FX. You may recall that last year's first quarter results benefited from the timing of outside defense orders. As a reminder the order patterns and sales for this market can be lumpy resulting in quarterly swings. So in considering this difficult comparison to the first quarter last year this is an encouraging start to 2025. From a full year perspective we are providing a range to accommodate the current macro environment which includes several uncertainties. We noted a few of these considerations on this slide such as the extent and timing of interest rate cuts, the underlying performance of world economies, consumer sentiment and of course policy uncertainty and changes. As it relates to potential tariff impacts our exposure is largely mitigated as the majority of our sales within a country is meant for local consumption. In addition from a supply standpoint roughly 5% of our global raw material purchases are at risk of being subjected to direct tariffs. Of this 5% of our global spend we have mitigating plans to source the majority from other countries. However as we said in the past the real question is the broader impact on global demand which is uncertain and unquantifiable today. Despite the uncertain macro dynamics like this we will remain focused on what we can control. Accordingly we are providing a range for four-year projections for adjusted EBITDA of 540 million to 570 million and adjusted EPS of $2.70 to $2.94. The midpoint of the adjusted EPS range represents 11% growth excluding FX versus 2024. I'll now hand the call back over to Ashish. Thank you Jamie and thank you to all listening to our call today especially to the avian team out there who made possible the performance and highlights we reported today. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator please open the line for questions. Thank you. To ask a question please press star 1-1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. To withdraw your question please press star 1-1 again. We ask you to please limit to one question and one follow-up. And our first question is going to come from Frank Mitch with Fermium research. Your line is now open. Good morning. Thank you and nice end to the year. You know Ashish you highlighted this generation 3 Dyneema product. I'm curious as to you know what sort of impact it would have. I was surprised to see that this defense as a percent of overall sales was steady at 7% 24 versus 23. Obviously that could be 6.6% in 23 and 7.4% in 24. But can you talk about the product that you highlighted and your expectations for defense in context also of the difficult 1Q comp and what your expectations are for 25. Thank you. Yeah thanks Frank for the question. First of all you know I want to emphasize that the product is driven by the innovation is driven there by the needs of the market and that's important because we want to have the innovation to be relevant and as you saw that it's a significant upgrade to the performance of what both the military and the law enforcement units see or are using today. So with respect to you know this is an important part for as our game as we go forward because it helps us maintain our margins if not increase them make a more profitable mix out of the out of the pie and then also you know stay ahead of the competition and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks you know this is patent protected proprietary innovation so it gives us a lot of confidence to you know it creates a mode for us with respect to how to win share against competition and then retain it. So I think all those things are very important of course as I mentioned you know the innovation is going to be used not just for personal protection but also vehicle armor and then we are continuing to you know continue to continue to innovate this with rifle resistant helmet as well in the same spirit so we are extending this innovation into other applications and those are under commercialization as well. So I won't give you a revenue number but I can tell you that this innovation is very well accepted and is being commercialized with full strength in the marketplace both in the military segments as well as law enforcement and border security. With respect to defense you know Q1 last year as you may remember was a pretty heavy defense quarter for us you know we had 38 percent year-over-year all these numbers I'm going to give you our our constant currency or XFX so 38 percent growth year-over-year in Q1 and just to give you a flavor you know we 63 percent of our sales of the revenue that of the growth 63 percent of the growth of defense last year came just out of Q1 so that's how lumpy Q1 was last year. What that means is typically we were 15 to 17 million over sales than a typical expected quarter would be for defense and so that's the kind of headwind we are hitting right now and as you know this is a pretty profitable product for us so both on the EPS side as well as on the sales side this is a big hurdle to overcome and the teams are doing everything they can to do that and that's reflected in our EPS guidance that we talked about in the prepared remarks. So maybe I'll just stop there and you know any follow-up questions. No, Ashish I appreciate the color for sure you know one of the things the market is now speculating is that we will have peace at some point in Europe where you know the Russia-Ukraine war. Do you have any do you have any insights as to you know how much that may have been driving some of this business and you know what may happen in the case that we hopefully do get peace in Russia-Ukraine? Yes, so I mean I think short term we don't expect much change in how this business has been performing. You know there is a couple of things here first of all over time we have tried to balance our portfolio better. This defense portfolio is now 60% military applications and 40% with law enforcement border security as well as national guard kind of situation and all those needs are increasing actually and we are winning businesses in those areas as there is more focus on border protection etc. So it's a more balanced portfolio versus just being a defense or military application that's point number one. Point number two based on the you know political climate we expect NATO countries will actually probably increase their spending on defense and or try to become more self-reliant versus relying on US itself to provide the solution and so we expect that that will that should further help some of this business. And then point number three is that we continue to find new applications beyond defense and military for these kinds of technology which is you know specifically in the area of marine and you know ropes for tugging and building sustainable infrastructure you know over in the ocean. So all those things are the teams are working on and are winning business there so diversification of portfolio is also as important in this case where we can find application where this differentiation is appreciated. Sounds promising thank you Ashish. And our next question will come from Mike Harrison with Seaport Research. Your line is open. Hi good morning let me share my congratulations on a solid finish to the year. Was hoping Ashish that we could dig in a little bit more on your decision to seize implementation of the SAP S4HANA system. I guess just help us understand kind of where you were in the implementation process. Were you in kind of the second or third inning or were you a little bit later stage? And remind us also of the timing I guess of when you were expecting that to be complete and how do you think the timing of alternatives is going to compare in terms of when this is going to be completed and we could start to see some benefits from the new ERP system? Yeah thanks Mike for the question. First of all you know we our original thinking on this was or the plan was to implement it across our US and Canada sites and especially on the color side of business and you know so there was a multitude of sites that were for phase one or cycle one if you want to say that and then move to other parts of the world over subsequent phases and what we realized after about two years of work and as I said a whole bunch of you know extended timeline and associated costs related with that and resource requirements they were continuing to creep up as we were going in the process and the project was much more complicated than the team had originally envisioned or thought about. So and then what we realized was that in the end it was very high risk for us to go with in the test cycle we realized based on the outcomes it was very high risk for us to go with the implementation across with that multitude of sites that we had originally planned and so we reduced price we thought about reducing the scope and doing it over a fewer number of sites and then after those things came up and the cost and the data came out on what would it cost to implement there and the resource requirements it didn't even make sense to go for us to go forward. So the long and short answer to your answer is that the cost and resource requirements were way ahead of what way higher than what we had originally envisioned and the complexity was very high as well and simultaneously I would like to point out that there are a lot of new applications that have evolved since we started the project because of all the different software and innovation happening in machine learning and artificial intelligence that those benefits that we had we were thinking of realizing with this ERP we could realize by implementing some of those systems which are lower in cost and easier to implement and can triangulate the same amount similar kind of data not exactly the same but similar kind of information and benefits substantially similar so that we don't see any so that we don't lose out on the benefits that we had we run especially on the price the realization side inventory management side and supply chain visibility side so all those things can be done much faster by implementing certain tools so we felt it was given where we were in the project based on what it would cost to implement it across the globe it would be a long time and and a lot of dollars required versus what we can do with these small subset programs and realize the benefits in a faster way so it when we do when we looked at the two options it was clear to us that this was the right direction to move all right thank you for that and then the other question i had was on health care it sounds like health care was kind of a driver in both segments in the fourth quarter can you give a little bit more detail on the strength that you were seeing in the fourth quarter and how you would expect trends to play out in 2025 thanks yeah let me just start by saying that health care was a very strong area of focus for us and also the team delivered double digit growth in 2024 total year and and then also in q4 it was double digit growth as well we saw you know north of 15 growth numbers both in emia and asia also you know usac was pretty positive to kind of close to mid-single digit growth in health care and it was driven by both the businesses as you said in in us we saw restocking of certain health care health care supplies medical supplies area also we saw we want some new business around new business you know with respect to continuous glucose monitoring devices that is creating new business for us we we also saw some business in asia come from the the new drug delivery devices like this injector fence for diabetes drugs etc which was also a new business for us and then finally in emia again this remote monitoring devices was a new business win for us that we were seeing without all leading to this double digit kind of growth that we saw in emia as well so overall i would say it's a mix of new business wins that the team has had in in growth areas that are growing fast which are you know remote monitoring devices as well as injector pants but also winning in the core which is where you know we are we have applications for medical devices as well as restocking happening in the area of medical equipment like you know nebulizers and and you know papers kind of application sounds good thank you thank you and our next question will come from david wong with dorchie bank your line is open hi good morning uh just want to follow up on defense is the base case in 25 steel and mid-single digit growth um and also i guess given the tough comp in 24 and potential 25 do you expect defense volume the earnings that could be down the over year in 26 uh or do you think that'll be offset by some of the new innovations and new generation of technologies you have here yeah thanks david first let me just talk about 2025 here you know i think mid-single digit is the right way to think about it uh you know with respect to um you know we we grew double digit in defense in 2024 so uh you know we grew uh i believe we grew 14 percent or so in 2024 so uh it is a big uh comp to overcome and i think five percent or so or mixing our digits is the right way to think about it uh you know we obviously our teams continue to you know pick up more wins as they come and and i would say that 2026 similarly i mean we uh it's hard for us to comment this is a lumpy business so i don't want to speculate on 2026 but all i can tell you is that we are trying to build our pipelines for the future and and and a lot of what we will sell in 2026 will be specced in this year so as the year progresses we'll have better visibility but at this point i i think a mixing or digit kind of a number is the right way to think about it got it uh and then just back to the guidance what's the baseline volume assumptions you have embedded in your guidance and i guess how much of that will come from the data that you have in your guidance and how much of that will come from the data that you have in your guidance and you have embedded in your guidance and i guess how much of that will come from new product introductions and i guess which end markets will those come from yeah so i mean just like i mean i want to calibrate with respect to guidance we gave a range and and you know if if you take 2024 as a reference point our weighted average real gdp in the regions that we operate you know if you if you weigh them with the revenue exposure we have to different regions the real gdp was close to 2.5 percent or so and we grew organic local currency growth by four percent so that gives you a feel for that we were doing better it was all volume or or demand driven growth you know so it was and and i think if in 2025 at least on the paper gdp projections are similar so the data point our our midpoint in our guidance is kind of you know mirroring that part that we should do kind of a similar year as we did in 2024 if the gdp is the same of course this is a different year than last year the comps are different but also the environment is different but but given you know just to give a context that's where we are at the midpoint with respect to how much new product so i think what we should think about is typically if you think about organic currency growth that we've been talking about you know that's volume price and mix i think typically in a normal year you know if there's nothing uncertain like covid or something going on we should be able to use price to offset the inflation so for us volume and mix should be able to give gdp plus 100 to 200 basis points of growth that we promised at the investor day and that's how we are thinking for our business going forward and that's how how the teams are operating of course in that mix is a new product piece that you asked about and and innovation is a key central part of our strategy as you saw on our strategic drivers so my guess is that it is going to be a significant part of that mix part of the new business all these new businesses that we are winning is coming from innovation and i think you will continue to see that ramp up more and more as time goes on over our strategic period okay thanks thank you and our next question will come from michael sison with wells fargo your line is open hey good morning nice end of the year i you know it looks like effects will be around a five percent headwind in 25 versus 24 i think you noted that 60 percent of your sales are overseas seems like the new administration wants to bring more manufacturing into the us so is that you know given your mix of businesses is that a positive or negative for avian longer term yeah mike let me just answer this way i mean if you look at it our two businesses cai and sem sem is 55 percent us based and cai is 33 percent or so us based so the the exposure of cai business for the color business to effects changes is higher than on on the sem side and and so and that business is very local we have to play very close to the customer because the response time on that business is of a few days you know 10 to 20 days maximum and so if you are working with that kind of scenario you cannot really bring that color part very far away from where the customer is so i think on the cai side effects is going to be continuing to be a headwind if dollar continues to strengthen on the sem side you know it's more a business which is packed in like defense and all where you know we have a higher pricing power so to say an innovation going on so overall our effects exposure is quite large compared to other u.s companies as you said 60 percent of our business is outside us and and that's you know depending on which way the dollar goes one way or another we could benefit or be a headwind in 2025 certainly it's a headwind and maybe jimmy you can quantify that on the eps side on how much headwind is we're looking at for 2025 yeah like we said in the the earnings release it's about a 12 cent head one on a year-over-year basis and then on a EBITDA basis around 15 million dollars for what we see today and obviously things are are dynamic with regards to what's going on in the world specifically with tariffs and reciprocalness between the different countries and as asheesh mentioned before the majority of what we do in all the countries in which we operate is for local consumption and our exposure outside of that is relatively small plus than five percent of our sales however how does that can actually impact demand if inflation takes off is really what's unquantifiable at this point and it's another reason why we're a little bit more cautious in our guidance because we're not sure how that's going to ultimately impact buying behavior and and it's just the other part of the question is she's if if there's more manufacturing into the us is that a net positive for avian you know i think it should be i mean you know because we would be less exposed to effects and and you know honestly it's easy for us to move our supply chains really it relies on our customers you know our exposure from a tariff perspective and rm exposure perspective is very less as jamie said in her prepared remarks so that's really not an issue for us i think we can serve our customers faster without being exposed to effects if the manufacturing moves here more so and got it and then just curious on you know a lot of the folks who've reported have talked about europe being continues to be really sluggish if you will any thoughts just on europe it's a big part of your sales you know how's it how's it sort of doing now and and what are the ranges of outcomes for so that for that region do you think could happen in 25 yeah so you know i just want to start by saying that on an organic uh revenue growth perspective we have had positive growth printed in europe emia for the last three quarters in a row now and uh you know it has overall you know q1 was a negative growth there and that's why overall for the year we ended up plus one percent but for the last three quarters we've been winning in europe i think uh we on our organic local currency basis we should continue to uh drive on the color side we should continue to drive uh growth there i think on the s.e.m side it depends on a lot of things including defense and and other parts of the business uh that whether you know um i guess what i'm going to say is on it's more clear for us for us on the cai side to drive organic growth there on the s.e.m side it could be a little bit lumpy one way or another and and so but when you look at it from 2025 perspective the the gdp expectations of that region are close to 1.3 1.4 percent you know uh you know based on our revenue exposures and so that's much better than what they were last year which was 0.8 or 0.9 percent so i'm i'm expecting that our teams will do better this year in europe than they did last year based on just the gdp projections got it thank you and our next question will come from vincent andrews with morgan stanley your line is open hi this is uh steve haines on for vincent um i was hoping you could help a little bit with the uh the full year e-padda guide and and bridging it um maybe just kind of at the segment level uh kind of you touched on volume before but maybe just from the margin side of it how we should be thinking about that thank you yeah i would say that the guidance that we presented today really represents our best view based on the macro dynamics that are there mashish mentioned real broadly on how we expect volume to evolve over that time frame and especially with some of the macro dynamics that could influence that from a margin expansion we do expect to expand margins similar to what we had mentioned during our investor day where we expect to get operating leverage from the increase of sales some mixed impact based on the innovation that we expect to continue to grow in excess of gdp and then lastly some productivity measures that are also in flight so we do expect some margin expansion i would say expectations on a year-over-year basis would be in that 25 to 75 biffs that are out there maybe another piece to consider is that we do expect inflation to continue roughly about two percent or so as we go forward on the raw materials side but we do expect to offset that with pricing as needed hopefully that gives a little bit more color of how we expect the e-padda and eps to fall through uh yes thank you you and our next question comes from kristin owen with alpenheimer your line is open good morning thank you for taking the question um she mentioned in your prepared remarks january you you started a new compensation uh strategy it's really related to taking these bigger shots on goal some of the the strategy that you outlined at investor day so i'm wondering how is that manifesting through your sales organization you know what are some of the kpis that you've aligned to that incentive structure to and and how should we as as sort of the outsiders be tracking those kpis yeah i mean i i think it's uh as you said january was just last month so it's we have been pushing it down you know like from mid january we rolled it out and so the communication has been going out so far the response has been quite positive of course we have not seen um it's too early to say the results and so on so forth so i won't comment on that part right now kristin uh you know i think the big thing that we made the change was that we had done extensive portfolio prioritization and and based on that different businesses were in different buckets we had businesses that had to grow faster um much faster than than than the macro was there were businesses that would be growing gdp plus and then there were businesses that we expect to uh drive more income and focus more on cash generation versus growth and so the the new incentive plan kind of drives those behaviors and and rewards each of those businesses differently versus having one standard package for the entire company and i think that's a big difference so so you know uh you know based on what the business is supposed to drive that's the primary kpi or metric we have set it for that business whether it's sales growth or operating income growth or whatever the case might be and and uh of course uh at a company level uh if there is a part in the metrics which everybody has to deliver because there's a company level contribution at that level so that you know apart from driving their own business results they're also helping the company drive what the whole company needs to drive so it's a balance of those things it's a little bit more complex plan than what we had previously but i think it's the right plan and it's a more customized plan for each businesses where they are on the life cycle of their portfolio thank you for that color um my my second question sort of relates to that cash generation piece of this uh just an update me jamy on the free cash flow outlook just from an ebony growth perspective but also in line with the decision to pause the the rp spend yes absolutely so from a free cash flow perspective the range that we're anticipating at this point is between 180 million and 200 million dollars some of the key components of that would be as you mentioned earnings growth so assuming the midpoint of the range that's about a 20 million dollar increase on a year-over-year basis you may have also seen in our press release and the attachments that we also expect to receive insurance proceeds from one of our environmental sites in the first quarter which will also be a tailwind as we go into 2025 the net of that on a year-over-year basis should be approximately 40 million dollars and then the other piece to think about is that we do have an incentive payout that was different than 24 versus 25 and that will be a headwind some of those parts really get you the 180 to 200 million on a year-over-year basis okay anything on the capex sorry you know expect about 120 million or so we're still evaluating that number because we want to make sure as you mentioned we're really focused on growing the top line that's in our estimate at this juncture may swing a little bit depending on what growth vectors that we plan to fund this year and that would be you know partially offset by i'm sorry are funded by some of the capex avoidance from the s4 project that we had mentioned before great thank you so much and our final question will come from laurence alexander with jeffries your line is open hey good morning this is kevin on for laurence most of my questions have been asked but i guess i'll focus a little bit on markets i just want to get an initial sense of what you were seeing in terms of demand in china after the new year and separately maybe what you're seeing in automotive markets yeah so let me just say that china for us in q4 grew seven percent greater china area and pretty strong growth you know much higher than the gdp and and most of our business there is for local about 30 goes outside for export so we we are seeing pretty good growth there and i think q1 should be also growing quite well we are also gaining ground in some of the new technologies of semiconductor and servers for digital you know you you hear all this noise about ai and everything and we are a small part of that and playing into that with some of the customers putting the servers together so you know we are getting into digital economy in china as well greater china area but also southeast asia which is a big hub for for digital and and so i think from that perspective i expect good growth in china greater china area and southeast asia going forward which is you know about 80 percent of our aria sales is southeast asia and china all right and then just uh on on auto yeah auto uh continue to grow we had very good growth in transportation area in in china in q4 close to 20 percent year over year and and you know i think the ev market there is still in q1 positive although we did not see the same story in usac and and emia but in china evs continue to grow and and so we are continuing to getting back into that and and winning business there so i would say a little slower in ev production versus last year but still um you know i would say around midsingle digit kind of production numbers volume production numbers understood thank you you thank you for participating this does conclude today's conference call you may now disconnect