Lets get right to it. We are about to hear from JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon. Joining us live from the firms global Leveraged finance conference down in Miami Beach. Its going to stay sunny Miami Beach, but I havent actually seen the weather there. Leslie Picker is there and has an exclusive interview. Leslie, welcome to you. >> Thank you Kelly. Its actually rainy here, but lots of rainmakers. Im sitting with one of them. Jamie Dimon, thank you so much for joining us from your global Leveraged Finance conference. Lets get right into the macro environment, because the market really seems fixated on some of these growth concerns regarding weak retail sales, soft consumer sentiment, policy uncertainty and the like. Does this skittishness match what youre seeing within the bank, as well as what you hear from clients at this conference and beyond? >> Yeah, basically it does. You know, youve had a slowing down. You know, weve had this huge boom after Covid and all the money that was given out and spent. And so you see consumers are kind of back to normal. So they dont have all the extra money but they have jobs. Wages are going up. But you know, if they they substitute a cheaper product for a more expensive one, they cancel a trip. So youre starting to see but I put normal credit costs have normalized. So its just almost back to what I call a normal environment. You know, whether it gets better or worse from here, I dont know, but kind of normal. >> Normalization, a key wild card that people are trying to grapple with has been just this flurry of executive orders coming in from Washington. And whether theyre going to be net positive for growth. Point72 Steve Cohen saying on Friday that tariffs, tighter immigration laws and government cost cutting efforts led by Doge could weigh on the economy. Do you agree with that? >> Yeah. Look, Im. Yeah. Could they? Yes. Of course. But I think, you know, the economy is like this huge ship of state, and these things are at the margin may not change that ship of state. And also, it really depends the quality of what youre done. You know, more effective government, more efficient isnt bad. Its actually a good thing if they get overdone tariffs, properly used, if they are overused, you know if theres retaliation. Yeah they could be bad for the economy. But you know theyre just making up for use for negotiations making up for unfair trade. So Im more on the wait and see attitude about how this all plays out. >> How do you think about the self-described chainsaw approach that Doge is taking to the federal government? Is it something you support? >> Yeah, you know, its too binary. Say support or not. Heres what I support. Okay? The government and most of all, everybody would know the government is inefficient, not very competent, and it needs a lot of work. And so you and I is not just waste and fraud, its outcomes. Why are we spending the money in these things? Are we getting what we deserve? You know, what should we change? So I think doing that needs to be done. Remember we tried by al Gore and Bill Clinton. It was tried by a bunch of other folks in the past. Yes, they should try. I also, you have to understand that whenever you go into any big institution or government, the bureaucracy pushes back on everything and they will hear every little thing theyre going to push back on. So you have to be strong if youre going to do it. Im hoping its quite successful. You know, if theres overreach, the things theyre doing which are not legal, the courts should stop it. But Im hoping thats not the case. But again, its very early stages to tell exactly what its going to mean and how its going to affect the economy. >> Is success defined by bringing down the deficit? >> I think ending fraud, waste and abuse, if it brings down the deficit, yes. But also making systems more. I mean, if you just identified that we can build better systems and across these departments that will be more effectuate the jobs as opposed to, do, you know, modern technology like the FAA, you heard about the FAA absolutely should be doing that. Now. Some of them may actually cost money in the long run, but in the short run. But it will save a lot of money in the long run. And it saves lives. So we have to learn t