I'm like.
I was like, where is all the clapping?
Where is the energy?
How's it going?
Okay, we're gonna try once more.
I really do have a lot of stuff
to talk about, but how's it going?
Okay, just once more.
Just energy.
How's it going? Thank you. Thank you.
Really, really, really, really excited to
be here, especially since there's an
atmospheric river that's going through California.
So this is great weather.
So I'm really, really.
It is awesome to be here.
This is our fourth rack.
We did one in San Francisco in the end of June.
We did one in New York and then we did one in London.
They were all tremendously successful.
You're going to get the benefit of the best
of the best because you've gotten better at it.
Or maybe you can tell us that we are getting worse at
it, but I think you're getting much, much better at it.
I just want to get a sense on what is
this audience like, how many people here write code.
All right, now keep your hands up.
Keep your hands up.
I need to keep you awake.
What percentage of you actually
have written a genai app?
So small percentage. That's cool. Okay.
And the rest of you are generally
in it, but very interested in Genai.
Is that a good way to put it? All right, great.
So we actually have a bunch between Devora and myself.
We have a lot of awesome content.
So let me get started.
This is how we think about the world.
Okay, one other question.
How many people know about data stacks?
All right, that's good. Have to room.
How many people actually know what Apache Cassandra is?
It's the same half.
Okay, that's awesome.
How many people have used a product called Netflix?
Great.
So how many people have used product called Spotify?
All the recommendations that you get in
Spotify and Netflix is powered by this
awesome Apache open source database called Cassandra.
It is the most scalable NoSQL database in the universe.
It's not just on this planet. It's the universe.
It like, it, it just rocks. Right?
And so we helped build that in
2010 and it's been hugely successful.
It actually was a project that came out of
Facebook when it used to be called Facebook.
So why does a database company like ours that does no
SQL actually get the right to talk to you about AI?
It's because of this slide.
Because there's absolutely no AI without data.
There's no AI without unstructured data, and there's
absolutely no AI without unstructured data at scale.
Unstructured data at Scale is what
we do for a business, right?
Take some of the largest databases in the
world that are not transactional, that are not
SQL based, and they actually will probably be
running Apache Cassandra underneath it.
So it is our privilege to actually get started
on this journey and be able to provide you
what we think are two parts of it, right?
We'll always give you the data modernization pieces
on databases, but we also want to talk.
Most of our talk today is going to be about
AI passes, what can we do to help you build
better applications and how to think about it.
And we'll give you the IT perspective
and we'll give you the developer perspective.
So let me start by saying this.
This is my fifth wave, right?
I was part of client server, was on the web, so
been in the valley for a while, was part of the
web wave, mobile was there, cloud was there, and now Genai.
Lots of similarities of GenAI to what I
would say was the mobile world, right?
The reason I say that is because I think we're
in what I believe is the Angry Bird part, right?
You remember Angry Birds on your
iPhone a long, long time ago.
That's the phase of Genai that we're in.
So we're going to get better and better and better at
it and apps are going to get much more sophisticated.
But we are still in the early days of it, when mobile
first came out and even when the web first came out before
that, we used to just have a system of records.
It used to be only system of records.
And guess what?
When the web started coming out, we, we
came up with what we call the System
of engagement and that became something very standard.
That's the chart on the left.
People started using bpm, they were doing
a lot of workflow and they started
building applications that actually were called System
of Record and System of Engagement.
Guess what AI is going to do?
It's going to completely destroy that paradigm.
Business processes are going to get replaced by agents.
We're here to talk about agentic frameworks
because that's how it makes a difference.
And we'll show you how we can do it visually.
And this is not just simple conversational agents.
These are, you know, agents that can take actions
and talk to each other to actually build business
processes without you can choose to have humans in
there or not have humans in there.
So we absolutely believe that the way you're going
to get, you're going to get past business processes
through agents, because agents are going to destroy business
processes over a period of time.
This is not about Replacing human beings.
This is not about AI versus people.
This is people with AI versus people with no AI. Right?
That's what this is about.
And so this system of automation I like to call
a system of intelligent automation is coming to you.
All of those in the audience that think from an
IT point of view, this is coming to you, it
is going to disrupt the world you live in.
I've been creating technology for
a long, long, long time.
And we used to.
Actually, I'll just give you a, I'll give
you a really simple perspective for those of
you that have implemented integration systems.
A large portion of integration systems
is actually about transforming things.
And you usually needed a person to do it.
Agents are now doing 90% of that. Right?
So this is coming to you in
your world sooner than you think.
And what is interesting, I've just been here
now for 30, 30 plus hours in Sydney.
What is interesting, it used to be in the US the
technologies would start in the US, Europe would be about 9
to 12 months behind and then Asia would be like 18
months behind the US that is not happening.
I've gone and seen some of the companies
you actually work for and I'm blown away
how far ahead the Australians are in actually
going off and implementing this stuff.
So I think, I think you guys are actually
getting ahead of the curve, which is awesome.
But please remember this, the system of
automation is coming to your world.
This is my personal passion.
I love to build products that developers love that
change the trajectory of the enterprises they work for.
This is what I land up getting them doing.
This is what we would call a product business.
This has been core to everything that we've ever done,
or I've ever done in the last 30 plus years.
This is what we do at DataStax.
We want to make sure that you
can build genai apps that are 10x.
We make it 10x easier for developers.
We want you to build these AI apps that have
upward of 95% accuracy and obviously which have unlimited scale.
It is a new muscle for us.
We've always been in the east of use business
with the developer business and in the scale business.
Going and focusing on relevancy has been something
that we are just getting used to, but
we are kicking ass at it.
So this is my favorite slide for the
entire presentation and the reason I like this
is because this is our customer slide.
These are our customers in all industries worldwide.
When in January, the year started, we called 2024
the year of production AI and everybody laughed at
us and said, are you Kidding me.
There's going to be trough of disillusionment
and you know it's not real.
Guess what?
Nearly all the companies here, nearly all the companies here
have done one or two or five or 10 GenAI
projects and they have implemented them internally.
They may not have implemented them externally
because they actually have external forces like
regulation that they have to worry about.
But this is happening in 2024, right?
These are very large companies that
are going off and doing it.
We're engaged very closely with Singapore Airlines.
They are absolutely, in a very sophisticated way
protecting their brand, yet delivering some awesome, not
just conversational chatbots, but actionable chatbots.
So what does that mean from our strategy point of view?
How do we like to serve you as
developers and the enterprises that you work for?
We think our world comes in
two parts, surviving and thriving.
It's really simple, right?
Surviving is about modernizing your data estate and thriving
is about going off and building things on AI.
I'm going to spend a couple
of minutes talking about that.
So here's how we think
about modernizing your data estate.
For those of you that know anything
about data stacks, we've been shipping a
product called DSE for a long time.
That's what people use to
actually run their businesses.
We've introduced a new product called DSC 6.9
that has some great features and so a
lot of our customers are using it.
We've also in a self managed way
created a product called Hyperconverged Databases.
We call it HCD and HCD is based on Kubernetes.
It actually has the latest version of Cassandra
which is 5.0 as well as it actually
optimizes compute and storage to make it cheaper.
You can actually run this in the cloud as well.
But obviously it is something that
you will have to manage yourself.
A large portion of our customers
are moving to the right.
Some of them actually continue to stay on the left.
And for those that are using open source, Cassandra
are going to our cloud database which is serverless
and it's actually available in all three clouds and
so that is actually working exceedingly well.
The second thing is our DSE customers are
moving to Astra and then obviously we have
a lot of customers that are coming directly
and using Astra independent of gen right.
Remember we have vectorized our entire databases for
self managed for Cassandra as well as Astra.
So all of this is what we do on
the left hand side what we call modernization.
This is where.
This is what we've been doing for quite some time and
we are the leaders From a NoSQL point of view, here
is what Devore is going to come and talk to you.
From an AI Paas point of view.
We think about three things.
I talked about it earlier.
We talked about developers.
It's about agility.
You can talk about ease of development.
The second one is relevance.
We've actually taken some really good things
that AWS has done with OpenSearch and
we are making it even better. Right?
So we're making it serverless and
a bunch of different things.
And then we actually introduced something called Graph
Rag and Devora has been a big part
of it in making it happen.
And we also have.
We've created this product called JVector, which is
actually Cassandra Independent, but actually helps you vectorize
every amount of data and actually do it.
You can simultaneously read as well as write.
So this is what encompasses our point of view.
We want to do things at scale so
you never have to worry about it.
We want to make sure that you do it with agility.
And obviously if you do not have 95%
relevancy, your apps are going to hallucinate and
they will not work really well.
Above everything else that we've done, we
actually do something for open source.
We also take from open source and
make it better and give it back.
We are working with this company called Nvidia.
Some of you have may have heard of them.
They're just based in Santa Clara,
five minutes away from us.
And I happen to getting to know their CEO
Jensen, and we have a great partnership with them
where we have actually taken their software.
You think of Nvidia, you think
about them as being GPUs.
They actually have something called the Nemo platform.
Go and check it out.
We have all their bits and it is completely integrated
into our AI PaaS, our AI platform as a service.
So Davor AIis actually going to show you that and talk
to you a little bit about all of these components.
So all these components on the bottom, for example,
they have something called Nim Blueprints that makes it
really, really easy for you to build things.
They have awesome things called guardrails, by the
way, I was with a very large bank,
I should say the largest bank.
We were having this conversation today, actually
this morning, and the conversation was, yeah,
I think the hyperscaler tools are good,
but Nvidia tools are really, really awesome.
And so we're actually, we've hit the
partnership at exactly the right time.
And the fact that we'll make this available is awesome.
All right, so what does this mean for enterprises?
Right?
We have some great tech here, we
have some great tech here, right?
But what does this mean for enterprises?
We have engaged with about 350
different customers worldwide in all different
geographies and all different industries.
And we find that customers have this continuum that
they're going through from a gen AI perspective, right?
And we think about our customers falling into
the delegate category, the accelerate category, or the
reinvent or the invent category, right?
And so what does that mean?
The simple answer for your superiors is to say
this is going to make it a lot.
We are going to get really, really efficient.
So let's cut off 30% of our cost.
That's okay.
Unfortunately, that never works over a period of time.
That never ever works. Right?
Great start.
Because you're not going to actually build a company by
cutting, you're going to have to invest it forward.
So we find a lot of our customers
start in the delegate category, but then they
realize very quickly that it's about accelerating.
It's not about getting rid of the people,
it's about making the people more effective.
So the key word is going from efficient to effective.
A large number of our customers actually fall right in
the middle in what we call the accelerate category.
Where there's a large bank called JP
Morgan, they are in that category.
They are doing things like Let me give
ChatGPT to every person, every employee because I
really want them to be much more productive,
much more effective in making it happen.
So it's really interesting to see.
Obviously there are medium sized companies that do that
a lot, but it's really interesting to see how
companies are going off and not just talking about
GitHub, Copilot, but how else can they actually use
AI agents, AI agents to actually become far more
effective, not just efficient.
And then the third category is invented, right?
The third category is invent.
And this is where very few, this is
the air is thin where they live, right?
This is where very few companies survive because they
are going to get, not just they're not going
to get 30% more effective or 30% more efficient,
they're going to go off and become 33,000 times
better than they've ever done.
And that's the category that the little companies like
Uber, little companies like Netflix are born in, where
they actually go in and redo everything from scratch.
It's super interesting to see
what's happening in the Valley.
They are reinventing the entire SaaS space.
Everything that you see from a SaaS point of view,
from Salesforce or any other app that the companies you
work for use are in an absolute process to get
disrupted because they're not going to be built the way
they were built 20 years ago. Right?
You as Gen AI developers, you know that as well.
So what does that, all this mean?
What this means is that 2025 is going
to be the year of transformational AI.
It's going to be transformative because we are going to get
out of the Angry Birds part and we are going to
get in doing some really, really, really cool stuff.
All these customers who've played around with it, the
coolness factor is done, are now going to start
getting super interested in, in making awesome, awesome apps.
And they are not going to be apps
that you thought you would need, right?
These are things you will
reimagine how you actually work.
You'll reimagine how you actually engage
with customers to make it happen.
So we're pumped up.
We talked about 2024, about being productive AI.
We think 2025 is about transformative AI and
we are actually seeing it happen now.
So it's actually going to speed up, not slow down.
So we fully think that this is going
to make a major, major difference next year.
And you're going to find that if you do
this event next year at this time, number one,
there's going to be twice the number of people
or three times the number of people.
And about 80% will say they've actually built a gen AI app
or have been part of a team that has delivered one.
That's what's going to happen in 12 months.
This wave that we're in with GenAI is
going to go faster than anything we've ever
seen before, faster than anything we've ever seen
before, independent of whether you're regulated or not.
So we are pumped up about this.
It is awesome to have Devore come and actually
talk to you a little bit about the stack.
He's also going to tirelessly first actually walk
you through what we call AI paths. He'll present.
Then he's going to drink some water.
I may actually go and get him a
glass of wine and so that'll help him.
And then he's going to actually give
you a demo because there's nothing, there's
absolutely nothing like actually you watching and
seeing what the product actually does.
And I have one suggestion for all of you.
If you want to participate, if you want to participate
in this thing called generative AI, lead with code, deliver
a project, because that is the best, best thing you
can do, whether you're a developer or whether you have
developers around you, this is not the time to have
a lot of conversations, go and experiment and go off
and actually deliver a project.
That is what we have.
We I get a chance to see hundreds of customers
and the ones that are becoming successful are the ones
that are actually going off and delivering something.
Even if they scrap it away, they
always go and deliver a project.
And that's how you learn. Thank you.
And Davor over to you.

